feat!: Implement Function Groups (#684)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: examples/object_store/user_report/README.md

- **Resource Sharing**: Functions within the group share the same object store client connection, reducing resource overhead.
- **Object Store Integration:** Demonstrates comprehensive integration with object storage systems including AWS S3 and MinIO for storing and retrieving user report data.
- **Multi-Database Support:** Shows support for object stores (S3-compatible), relational databases (MySQL), and key-value stores (Redis) for flexible data storage architectures.
- **File Server Backend:** Provides a complete file server implementation with object store backing, supporting REST API operations for upload, download, update, and delete.
- **Real-Time Report Management:** Enables dynamic creation, retrieval, and management of user reports through natural language interfaces with automatic timestamp handling.
- **Mock Data Pipeline:** Includes complete setup scripts and mock data for testing object store workflows without requiring production data sources.

## Function Groups Overview

This example demonstrates the new function groups feature in NeMo Agent toolkit. Function groups allow you to:

- **Share configurations** across multiple related functions

> - **Share resources** such as database connections or API clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Share resources** like database connections or API clients
```

- **Reduce duplication** in both Python code and YAML configurations
- **Maintain compatibility** with existing function interfaces

### How Function Groups Work

The user report function group (`user_report`) contains four functions that all share the same configuration:

- **Shared Configuration**: All functions use the same `object_store` reference and function descriptions
- **Shared Resources**: All functions share the same object store client connection
- **Individual Functions**: Each function (`get`, `put`, `update`, `delete`) has its own logic and description

> - **Naming Convention**: Functions are referenced as `user_report.get`, `user_report.put`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Naming Convention**: Functions are referenced as, for example, `user_report.get` or `user_report.put`.
```
